Type face used is VERY POWERFUL and VERY UNLIKE a website. Kindly review the typeface as well as the point size.
Eupheus Learning Website 
Home Page (why Eupheus)
Eupheus Learning 
Banner 1: India’s Largest School Focused Distribution Platform (the lighthouse visual is fine, however, the figurines are not school like)
Banner 2: Largest catalogue of Curriculum and Supplemental Content with Differentiated Pedagogy (need an appropriate visual)
Banner 3: Personalized Remedial Solutions for Students – Since No Two Students Are Same (ClassKlap) (need an appropriate visual)
Banner 4: 21st Century School OS – Unique and Unified Digital Platform for LMS, CMS and ERP (need an appropriate visual)
Eupheus Learning is positioned as the ‘largest, school-focused distribution platform in India’ and is already present in “One out of Four Premium Private Schools of India”. The company is focused on bridging the gap between in-classroom and at home learning by offering pedagogically differentiated technology-led solutions in the K–12 space.
Eupheus Learning - The Lighthouse of Transformation in Schools (need an appropriate visual)
7,500+ Schools 42,00,000 + Students 


The Power of the Widest Curriculum Catalogue (visual is fine)
With its Classroom-first and Curriculum-focused approach, Eupheus Learning aims to reach 10 million kids in India through its curriculum and specially curated educational offerings in Kinaesthetic Learning, Reading Enhancement, STEM/ STEAM, and English language learning via exclusive tie-ups with award-winning education technology companies from across the world.


Empower your children beyond books and boards that can prepare them for the unprecedented challenges of tomorrow. (need an appropriate visual)


Educational Content – Curricular and Supplemental (content chit needs to have an appropriate visual depicting the relevance)
Deep understanding of the school ecosystem has led to Eupheus Learning placing “learner” at the heart of education. Therefore, syllabi, textbooks and other teaching and learning aids are designed by subject matter experts and are mapped to CBSE and ICSE boards to bring about an overall development of the student, rather than rote learning.


Specially curated supplemental offerings, such as Step and Learn (an award-winning interactive floor promoting learning by movement and play), Cubetto (student friendly robot for screenless learning experience for young learners), and Fiction Express (a unique reading club enthusing curiosity and active participation through a book club format) to promote Kinaesthetic Learning, Reading Enhancement, STEM/STEAM, and English language learning from across the globe.


Personalized Remedial Solutions for Students (real ClassKlap logo and need an appropriate visual to depict the content)
ClassKlap (a company acquired by Eupheus Learning), believes that “every student is unique” and hence their learning requirements are unique as well. Through years of research, the have perfected the process to customize learning for each student with the help of their school. Thereby making the student and schools future ready. Embrace the new-age learning to gain an edge in the future. 


Revolutionizing Schools With The 21st Century School OS (real SchoolMitra logo and need an appropriate visual to depict the content)
Schools need assistance on ‘content management’, ‘learning management’, ‘enterprise resource planning’, ‘financial management’, ‘communication management’, etc. and there are disparate solutions existing in the marketplace which make matters worse for a school. SchoolMitra (a company acquired by Eupheus Learning), a home grown SaaS company offering digital school management system has introduced The 21st Century School OS which unifies ERP (enterprise resource planning), LMS (learning management system) and CMS (content management system) on a single sign-on, benefitting all stakeholders of a school alike – Principals, Teachers, Students and Parents.


Competitions (need an appropriate visual to depict the content)
Eupheus Learning hosts several national and international events to promote the cause of better learning, effective teaching & wholesome improvement in the education systems across the world.
Unique school outreach initiatives like “Story Telling Sessions”, “Olympiad” and “Coding Competitions” have created differentiation for the company in this highly competitive and contested education market.


Code2Win (actual Code2Win logo and need an appropriate visual to depict the content)
Code2Win is a National-level Coding Competition for students from Grade 1 to 12. This gamified environment enables young minds to develop their competency and encourages them to ‘learn’, ‘participate’, ‘win scholarships’ and ‘get certificate’. Needless to mention that they can choose Coding as a life skill too.


Olympiad (actual Olympiad - ISFO logo and need an appropriate visual to depict the content)
Olympiad is a gateway to real international exposure for Indian students from different schools and boards. It truly strengthens their ability to comprehend the subject better and compete at a global level.


Financial Assistance (remove this point completely)
Eupheus Learning and Varthana Finance Private Ltd, has signed an MoU to empower schools with financing options and modern education offerings, thereby expanding their infrastructure, investing in teacher training, and introducing new learning methods into their classrooms.


Right size the Video
Correct the “registration form”


________________


About Us
Welcome To The Lighthouse Of Transformation (need an appropriate visual to depict the content)
Our Vision (need an appropriate visual to depict the content)
To be the lighthouse of transformation in Schools. We will be the change makers inside schools by transforming them to become the 21st Century Schools and democratizing access to quality education for students. We will do so by empowering schools with learning solutions and technology through content and operating system. Because we feel that an empowered school is a great breeding point for a happier student.


Our Mission (need an appropriate visual to depict the content)
To become the largest school focused distribution platform in India. And then globally.


Meet The Guiding Light (need an appropriate visual to depict the content)
The brand of Proficiency Learning Solutions Private Limited, Eupheus Learning started its operations in June 2017. Based in New Delhi, it was bootstrapped by about 40 members who joined the 3-founding member team to create a new category in the Indian education market.
The founding team comprises creative minds with experience of more than 120 man-years in starting up and turning around businesses in the Education and Training space.
Sarvesh Shrivastava, Founder and Managing Director
Sarvesh brings with him more than 32 years’ experience in education and IT sectors, during which he has held progressive leadership positions in organizations such as General Electric, Corning, Telecom Australia, NIIT, Pearson and Encyclopaedia Britannica. He also successfully started and ran his own company undertaking several EPC optical fibre contracts which were the first in India including the first franchise of pay phones in the 1990s. His last stint was as Managing Director at Encyclopaedia Britannica South Asia, Executive. He holds a master’s degree in chemical engineering from the University of Illinois, Chicago, US. 
Ved Prakash Khattri, Co-founder and Director
Ved has about 26 years’ sales experience in the K12 publishing industry space. He has held progressive positions with Suman Prakashan, Ratna Sagar, Oxford University Press and Encyclopaedia Britannica with credentials of successfully opening new territories and grown the business in his tenures at each company. Ved in his last assignment was Vice President – K12 at Encyclopaedia Britannica South Asia. He holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce.
Amit Kapoor, Co-founder and Director
Amit has more than 19 years’ experience in sales and marketing across Education, Training & Entertainment industries covering Indian and International markets. His stints at NIIT, Palador Pictures, Centum Learning, Across World Education and Encyclopaedia Britannica have been focussed on Sales, market entry and growth strategies coupled with a focus on business development. Prior to founding Eupheus, he was Head – Digital sales at Encyclopaedia Britannica. He holds a post graduate diploma in marketing from T.A. Pai Management Institute.


Meet Our Heroes Of Change (need an appropriate visual to depict the content)
We are a team of dedicated professionals bringing relevant and creative solutions to make a difference in education in India. Get in touch! Let’s bring a new dawn of learning together.


Meet Our Investors (need an appropriate visual to depict the content)
Sixth Sense Ventures (2018) (please put actual logo): Sixth Sense Ventures is India’s first domestic, consumer-centric venture fund, founded by Nikhil Vora (Ex-Managing Director of IDFC Securities), who is regarded as one of the strongest analytical minds in the country. They like to back “first generation” entrepreneurs and are flexible regards the stage and size of investments as long as the business addresses the consumer needs “more efficiently”, be it products, services, distribution, analytics, etc.


Yuj Ventures (2020) (please put actual logo): Yuj Ventures is the private investing arm of the Yuj platform. Backed by the family office of Sid Yog, Founding Partner of a global investment firm, The Xander Group Inc., Yuj Ventures invests in new and innovative ideas and companies; helps rapidly growing companies scale in emerging markets; and enables networks, alliances and joint ventures that support emerging markets’ entry. The firm has invested in companies across India, Hong Kong, Singapore, the United States, Russia, Latin America, and the United Kingdom.


United Education Company and Al Rayan Holding Company, Kuwait (2021) (please put actual logo): United Education Company is a Kuwaiti shareholding company registered and incorporated in Kuwait on 18th February 2003 with a paid-up capital of KD 10 million to capitalize on opportunities in the educational sector. The Company commenced its operations in 2004 with establishing The American University of Kuwait. In 2012 it established The American United School and acquired Al-Rayan Holding Company with its 6 schools with a total combined capacity of over 12,500 students, offering different curriculums to cater to the local market's diverse demographic composition. The company will continue to seek opportunities in the educational sector and expand its asset base within the GCC region.


Lightrock India (2021) (please put actual logo): Lightrock provides patient capital and business-building support to world-class entrepreneurs across three key themes - Unlocking human potential, equitably; Building resource efficiency, sustainably; Reimagining business productivity, responsibly - covering key sectors such as Food and Agriculture, Logistics, Mobility, Healthcare, Renewable energy, Education, Future of Work and Financial services. Their thematic platform approach to investing stems from their belief that every firm operates not in isolation but through a set of symbiotic relationships with players across the value chain in their sector. The ability to think through these interconnections and find ways to improve system-level outcomes across firms can create a virtuous cycle of value creation that significantly outpaces mere individual firm growth. Lightrock invests between $10 and $50M in a company. They also can invest significantly higher amounts in situations that offer a compelling fit to their investment thesis and mission.
________________


Solutions
The Power of the Widest Catalogue of Offerings (please put an appropriate visual depicting the content)
Eupheus Learning Group (combined entity of Eupheus Learning, ClassKlap and SchoolMitra), apart from their largest catalogue of curricular and co-curricular offerings mapped to CBSE and ICSE boards, has introduced 21st Century School OS which is a unified digital platform offering content management system (CMS), enterprise resource planning (ERP) and learning management system (LMS) through a single sign on, making lives simpler for all stakeholders alike – principals, teachers, parents and students. Eupheus is a pioneer when it comes to personalizing learning outcomes for a student, since the company believes that each student is unique. There’s a unique offering called ‘personalized remedial solution’ which customizes remedial help for students thereby making them understand the subject at the topic level.
The brand is focused on transforming schools into a 21st Century School with the increased digitalization appreciation of the modern world.


Preschool Curriculum (delete)
Pre-primary education ensures a seamless transition to primary education and lays the powerful foundation for lifelong learning. 
Narrated stories, interactive games, first encyclopedia, stories, nursery rhymes, sing-along songs, audio files and original videos.
Primary and Middle School Curriculum (delete)
Primary and Middle School education helps build a bridge between the surroundings and the knowledge imparted to the students. When students learn and grow through real experiences, they become the lighthouse of knowledge and impart education to others. 
A wealth of games, maps, science projects, and an easy-to-use repository of biographical information for historical figures.
Secondary and Senior Secondary School Curriculum (delete)
Secondary and Senior Secondary School education prepares students to confidently face the unprecedented challenges of higher education as well as professional life.
Research tools, including world resources, citation builder, dictionary, and resource guides, help users compile the data and information they need to complete their assignments and perform background research


Course book Solutions for Pre-Primary to Grade 8
We’ll show collage of books grade wise with their titles.
Supplemental solutions (we’ll put the updated worldmap with all the logos as live link to their respective sites and delete the rest of the explanation as given below)
Step & Learn (delete)
Developed by Wizefloor in partnership with Aarhus University, Denmark, “Step and Learn” has bought a new training space to match the energy and enthusiasm of Pre-K kids and assist them in their learning.
Cubetto (delete)
Cubetto is a friendly wooden robot that will teach your child the basics of computer programming through adventure and hands-on play. With programming and coding that familiarize them with the technology of today, Cubetto is a must-have for every kid.
Fiction Express (delete)
Fiction Express has been designed to improve poor reading habits by getting children excited about reading through the power of engagement and gamification. 


The Power of the 21st Century School OS (please put an appropriate visual depicting the content. Lets take this from our brochure designed and delete the balance explanation as given below, since we have included this in our intro to this section above)
The 21st Century School OS unifies ERP (enterprise resource planning), LMS (learning management system) and CMS (content management system) on a single sign-on, for all stakeholders of a school – parents, teachers, students and parents. With the uniqueness lies in the content and technology solutions development and deployment, Eupheus Learning is working together with schools to encourage and support children as they develop the core STEAM skills that are essential to succeed in school and in today’s economy.
 
Financial Assistance (delete)
Eupheus Learning and Varthana Finance Private Ltd, has signed an MoU to empower schools with financing options and modern education offerings, thereby expanding their infrastructure, investing in teacher training, and introducing new learning methods into their classrooms.
________________


Demo (please put an appropriate visual depicting the content)
Our offerings are available whenever and wherever you want, from desktop computers and laptops to tablets and mobile devices, without any hassle.  


Book your free demo now! (that registration form should actually come here in place of the “why eupheus” page)
Curricular solutions - Videos 
Supplemental content solutions - Videos
21st Century School OS - Video
________________


EVENTS (please put an appropriate visual depicting the content)
Every year, Eupheus Learning hosts several national and global events to promote the purpose of better learning, effective teaching & wholesome development in the education systems across the world.


Gamified Way of Learning to Code
Code2Win National Coding Competition through RoboGarden (actual Code2Win and RoboGarden logo and need an appropriate visual to depict the content)
Code2Win is a National-level Coding Competition for students from Grade 1 to 12. This gamified environment enables young minds to develop their competency and encourages them to ‘learn’, ‘participate’, ‘win scholarships’ and ‘get certificate’. Needless to mention that they can choose Coding as a life skill too.
For Grades 1-4 (pictorial representation with minimal text about Blockly)
Sense the fun in the birthday party 
Game-based course in which missions are achieved by a program written by Blocks. While preparing for a birthday party, students will learn repeat loop and Robo sensors of colors and text.
For Grades 5-8 (pictorial representation with minimal text about Java)
Let’s go find treasures in the forest 
In this course, students will be familiar with the letters of Alphabet. They will begin with letters, move on to writing a complete word, and end with completing entire statements.
For Grades 9-12 (pictorial representation with minimal text about Python)
Discover JavaScript 
Game-based course in which missions are achieved by a program written by JavaScript. Students will start their first steps to JavaScript as a textual language and its relation to Blocks programs.
Cash Award, Certificates and Pics about previous winners with their details


Olympiad through ISFO (for grades 1 – 10) (actual Olympiad - ISFO logo and need an appropriate visual to depict the content)
Empowering Children to become Global Olympiad Champions
International Society for Olympiad (ISFO), registered as a non-profit organisation in India and UAE, aims to identify, encourage and promote students with a creative bent of mind and affinity towards the disciplines of Maths, Science, English and General Knowledge. It aims to nurture & enhance the latent genius in students through tests & competitive exams of exemplary global quality and standard. ISFO aims to create an army of global learners who challenge the boundaries of the existing educational structure & emerge as international olympiad champions. ISFO is not just a series of tests—it’s a way of life!
Medals, Certificates and Pics about previous winners with their details
________________


In Media (please put an appropriate visual depicting the content)
Year wise folders of archived Media releases. Current year’s recently released articles will be chronicled date wise starting from the freshest going down to the oldest


Awards & Recognitions (please put an appropriate visual depicting the content)
Great Place to Work – 2019, 2020 and 2021 
Most Trusted Brand of India – 2022
Most Promising Brand of Asia – 2022
Tracxn Emerging Startups Award – 2022
Top 100 Holon IQ India and South Asia EdTech Award – 2020 and 2021 
Raised $18.5 mm investment from 4 institutional investors
PLUS ALL THE OTHER AWARDS WON EVER SINCE WE STARTED.